<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [HelmUtils][1]
    -   [downloadChartRepo][2]
        -   [Parameters][3]
        -   [Examples][4]
    -   [getRepoCharts][5]
        -   [Parameters][6]
    -   [getManifestFromChart][7]
        -   [Parameters][8]
        -   [Examples][9]
    -   [getImagesFromManifest][10]
        -   [Parameters][11]
-   [ChartRepoResult][12]
    -   [Properties][13]
-   [ChartManifest][14]
-   [DownloadRepoResult][15]
    -   [Properties][16]
-   [WalkInfo][17]
    -   [Properties][18]
-   [ResolveResult][19]
    -   [Properties][20]

## HelmUtils

### downloadChartRepo

Download the helm chart repo to a local folder.

#### Parameters

-   `opts` **[Object][21]** Options to use.
    -   `opts.srcUrl` **[String][22]** The Uri of the chart package which should be downloaded to local disk.
    -   `opts.savePath` **[String][22]** The path to download the package to. Defaults to a newly created directory in `os.temp()`.
    -   `opts.saveToFile` **[String][22]** The name of the file the package should be saved as. Defaults to name of the downloaded file.

#### Examples

Downloading with default values


```javascript
const opts = {
  srcUrl: 'https://chart-repo.com/charts/chart_v1.0.0.tgz'
};
let downloadRepoResult = await downloadChartRepo(opts);
// returns a DownloadRepoResult object
```

Returns **[Promise][23]&lt;[DownloadRepoResult][24], [Error][25]>** 

### getRepoCharts

Get the chart information of a chart-repo's index.yaml file.

#### Parameters

-   `opts` **[Object][21]** The options for `getChartVersions()` function.
    -   `opts.src` **[String][22]** The source to load from. This can be a local file or a Url.

Returns **any** ChartRepoResult

### getManifestFromChart

Returns the manifest for a given chart.

#### Parameters

-   `opts` **[Object][21]** Options for `getManifestFromChart()`.
    -   `opts.loadFromDir` **[String][22]** The (local) directory from which the chart should be loaded from.

#### Examples

```javascript
const opts = {
    loadFromDir: './.temp/charts/chart_v1'
}
let manifest = await getManifestFromChart();
```

Returns **[ChartManifest][26]** , to be resolved on success and rejected on failure.

### getImagesFromManifest

Returns an array of all images from a given chart manifest.

#### Parameters

-   `chartManifest` **[ChartManifest][26]** 

Returns **[Array][27]&lt;[String][22]>** Returns an array of images found in the given manifest.

## ChartRepoResult

Type: [Object][21]

### Properties

-   `meta` **[Object][21]** Some meta information
-   `result` **[Object][21]** The result (content of the index.yaml file).
    -   `result.apiVersion` **[string][22]** The helm's chart `apiVersion` property.

## ChartManifest

Type: [Object][21]

## DownloadRepoResult

Type: [Object][21]

### Properties

-   `srcUrl` **[String][22]** The passed in `srcUrl` property.
-   `savePath` **[String][22]** The passed in `savePath` property.
-   `saveToFile` **[String][22]** The passed in `saveToFile` property.
-   `fullPath` **[String][22]** The full path of the downloaded file.
-   `name` **[String][22]** The filename.
-   `ext` **[String][22]** The filename's extension.

## WalkInfo

Type: [object][21]

### Properties

-   `path` **[string][22]** The file path.
-   `name` **[string][22]** The file basename.
-   `type` **[string][22]** Either `folder` or `file`.
-   `isDir` **[boolean][28]** Whether the current item is a directory or not.
-   `extname` **[string][22]** The file's extension.
-   `object` **[object][21]** The object in case we are dealing with a .yaml file.
-   `children` **[array][27]&lt;[object][21]>** The children for the given item.

## ResolveResult

Type: [Object][21]

### Properties

-   `isUrl` **[boolean][28]** Whether the given `src` is an online Url or not.
-   `isFile` **[boolean][28]** Whether the given `src` is a local file or not.
-   `is` **[string][22]** The kind of `src`. Can be `online`, `local` or `unknown`.

[1]: #helmutils

[2]: #downloadchartrepo

[3]: #parameters

[4]: #examples

[5]: #getrepocharts

[6]: #parameters-1

[7]: #getmanifestfromchart

[8]: #parameters-2

[9]: #examples-1

[10]: #getimagesfrommanifest

[11]: #parameters-3

[12]: #chartreporesult

[13]: #properties

[14]: #chartmanifest

[15]: #downloadreporesult

[16]: #properties-1

[17]: #walkinfo

[18]: #properties-2

[19]: #resolveresult

[20]: #properties-3

[21]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[22]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[23]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise

[24]: #downloadreporesult

[25]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Error

[26]: #chartmanifest

[27]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[28]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean
